Added 3 new collections & improved index (#224)
ansys/DevRelDocs: Markdown/developer_product_guide/multiphysics.md

# Multiphysics

> Whilst not a "True" product collection multiphysics products are sufficiently useful that they warrant a separate distinction on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While not an actual Ansys product collection, multiphysics products warrant their own page because of their usefulness.
```
